I'm Cecil Gaines I'm a new butter you
know he got that job yourself the White
House call him he didn't called White
House did you go to an all colored
school Cecil I didn't go to school mr.
president I grew up on a cotton ball an
executive order at Little Rock Arkansas
we need to show them love with all your
heart has the only way you're ever gonna
change the heart something special is
going on their head what's so special
about another colored made cheap it'll
kill you miss president I know your son
is a freedom rider I never understood
what you all really went through you
changed my heart what the modern Luther
King has been shot to death in Memphis
Tennessee
getting beaten um oh there's this whole
Black Power movement you fight your
country now I want to fight for my
country this country seats us like dogs
yeah but president Ichigo sorry mr.
Butler I didn't mean with funny a hero
Oh
everything you are and everything you
have
because Annette Butler
we're fighting to save the soul of our
country oh I was looking after us I
guess Lee Daniels the butler lady pg-13
in theaters everywhere August 16th